Once we have our text ready in a clean and normalized form,
we need to transform it into features that can be used for modeling.
For instance, treating each document like a bag of
words allows us to compute some simple statistics that characterize it.
These statistics can be improved by assigning
appropriate weights towards using a TF-IDF Scheme.
This enables a more accurate comparison between documents.
For certain applications, we may need to find
numerical representations of individual words,
and for that, we can use word embeddings,
which are a very efficient and powerful method.
In this lesson, you will learn
all these techniques for extracting relevant features from text data.